Add RIF Scheduler to navbar (#679)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/scheduler/index.md

## Quick start

Install [the SDK](sdk) in your dapp's front-end to **enable your users to schedule transactions**.

> Read [here](run) how to **run your own scheduler** and start making revenew.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read [here](run) on how to **run your own scheduler** and start making reviews.
```
